Now let's talk about Lean requirements gathering.
Lean is a set of techniques to identify and eliminate
waste from the work that you do.
Lean systems focus on the process improvement that
eliminates waste and improves workflow.
You are not Lean, that is,
a system is not considered Lean unless the process that has followed is
dedicated and focused on eliminating waste and improving workflow,
that's Kanban.
Kanban is a framework to allow you to create context‑specific process solutions.
Kanban does not follow a rigid software development lifecycle process,
such as the models we have discussed.
and that's including Scrum.
I think Scrum is great, but it is rather rigid.
Kanban is flexible and context‑specific,
and is even more adaptable than Scrum,
and that is why I want to share it with you the next few slides.
So just what is Kanban?
Well Kanban is a method to manage workflow.
Now that is the most basic, simple definition.
If your teams' practices are a series of steps,
your workflow, then Kanban may be for you.
If you want to learn a little more on Kanban,
please check out my two Kanban courses on Pluralsight.
Now, in the next couple slides, I'll take you through a very simple card wall,
so I really won't be doing Kanban much justice at all,
I just want to give you a quick, quick overview.
Let me show you a quick and simple Kanban card wall or board example,
and I stress simple.
There is so much more to a true Kanban board system,
but just to be sure we're on the same page,
here's an example.
Also, what I really like about Kanban is that is very visual,
easy to understand, and extremely flexible.
So, here's our grid with three columns.
This is the to do column, or demand, things we pull from to work on.
This is the doing column, or work in progress column,
and our done column, or completed item column,
items ready for delivery to our customers.
Now, here are a whole bunch of to do or demand items.
Each card represents a single work item.
For example, it could be a user story.
Here are our work in progress cards.
So we pulled three work items,
and now we are working on them in the doing column,
and now say, on the next day, during our standup,
we move two items to the done column,
and move one more from the doing into the work in progress column.
Any of these items can be any kind of work, such as an analyst test as well.
This, of course, is a very simplistic example, but you get the idea.
Please note, a card wall does not equate to doing full‑fledged Kanban,
there is so much more to it.
Now, believe it or not, on my pantry cupboard door,
I have a personal Kanban board of all my tasks and
to dos I have around my house.
Yes, I'm a bit crazy about Kanban,
so check out my two Kanban courses if you really want to be crazy like me.
Here are the core Kanban properties that all good Kanban systems must embody.
Visualize your workflow.
They kind of call the workflow the value stream as well,
so visualize your workflow with a Kanban board like in my examples,
and they can be very annotated to convey a ton of information easily.
My examples were quite simple.
They can be quite annotated and complex,
but still tell you a lot about the process and what's going on.
A Kanban limits the work in progress by each resource is working on one,
and only one, work item at a time.
Think about that.
When was the last time you worked on only one thing at a time?
The point being is that it has been proven that people are more
productive working on only one thing at a time.
You can easily measure and manage the workflow,
which will help you predict your work outcomes.
Kanban boards are fully automated today,
so it's very easy to find bottlenecks and blockers and correct them.
A Kanban system is a process,
and you can make process policies explicit on the board itself.
This will relate to the completion criteria for each step in your value stream.
They're also known as done rules.
My step isn't done until I satisfy the done rules,
and then the next resource downstream can pull the work forward.
Also using planning models and charts,
these will help you recognize improvement opportunities
that further enhance your value stream, and by further enhance,
I mean to get rid of any waste and streamline it.
Of the five properties on the previous slide,
I have chosen what I think is the most important to talk about further,
so let's explore how Kanban limits work.
This is one of the main foundational elements of
Kanban, limiting work in progress.
A resource or person works on only one work item at a time, no exceptions.
Wouldn't you just love to do that?
I know most probably work on several things at once,
usually at the expense of quality.
A resource pulls or takes new work from the done buffer.
That's the work that was completed on the step just ahead of you, and
only when they have completed their current work item,
and only when the resource upstream has satisfied the
completion criteria or the done items, that builds
quality right into the process flow.
And lastly, the maximum number of work items is set for each workflow step,
and it is set by the number of available resources. If
there are two resources in a step,
then the maximum number of concurrent work items is two. This
is also known as capacity for that step.
So this is the definition of limiting work in progress. It's very simple and easy to understand.